plenty of great high school football
games down through the years at Holley
Stadium and a Friday night should be no
different as Whitehaven takes on
Ridgeway in the commercial appeals game
of the week the Tigers the top-ranked
team in the dandy dozen have started the
season with three consecutive victories
but it hasn't been all smooth sailing
Whitehaven has had to overcome halftime
deficits in each of the last two weeks
and coach Rodney Salisbury will be
hoping his squad can channel its
enthusiasm avoid costly turnovers and
penalties and come out of the starting
blocks a lot better this week Whitehaven
certainly has the talent to justify its
top ranking quarterback Jeremy Malone
has been very productive so far teaming
with fellow senior Mo's Fraser and on
defense the Tigers have plenty of
Division one prospects as well Terry
redden a 280-pound lineman is a star on
the defensive front and Charles Harris
is a hard-hitting linebacker with a
motor that just does not quit once he
gets out on the field
Ridgeway meanwhile comes into the game
with a 2a no record in his ranks 10th in
the dandy dozen and will be full of
confidence after erasing a 17-0 3rd
quarter deficit and coming back to
defeat Houston 21 17 last week the key
for the Roadrunners it's simple they'll
need another big game from Jamil golden
the 6-3 195 pound junior is a true
pocket quarterback coach Doron Sutton
says he'll stand in the pocket absorb
pressure and take hits do whatever it
takes to make the throw and he'll need
another big game Friday after road
runners are gonna beat the Tigers golden
pass for 342 yards with two touchdowns
and no interceptions in the houston
victory but don't make the mistake in
thanking the road runners or a one-man
team in junior jaylen Walton they have
one of the best running backs in the
area and on defense the road runners
have a veteran unit with lots of speed
led by senior linebacker Douglas
McWhorter too well coached teams lots of
Division one prospects on both side
lines it should make for a great night
of football at Holley Stadium Friday I'm
John varlas commercial appeal high
school sports
you